content: add nuxt image blog post (#1485)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/blog/images-optimization-with-nuxt-image.md

```

### Serve modern formats with `<nuxt-picture>`

For now, we're serving our images in their original `.jpeg` format. But modern formats like `webp` offer better compression rates. Wouldn't it be nice to serve our images in `webp` for browsers that support this format? In HTML, we can achieve that with the `<picture>` tag. The traditional way is to include a step in our build pipeline that handles the copy and conversion of `.jpeg` and `.png` images to `.webp`, and handle the fallback in our HTML like so:

```html{}
<picture>
  <source type="image/webp" srcset="/hero.webp">
  <img src="/hero.jpeg" alt="Misty forest">
</picture>
```

Thanks to the Nuxt Image module, we can handle this directly inside our markup, without the additional build step. Replace the Hero image tag we created earlier with the `<nuxt-picture>` component:

```vue{}
<nuxt-picture src="/hero.jpeg" alt="Misty forest" sizes="lg:100vw xl:1280px" />
```

Take a look at the generated HTML. The `<picture>` tag is now used to display out image, converted to WebP. A `jpeg` fallback is also provided, to make sure legacy browsers can still display the image.

> Our homepage image's are now ready for production. To recap what we learned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our homepage images are now ready for production. To recap what we learned:
```

> - Define `width` property to adjust the images dimension and avoid serving bigger images that what is actually needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define `width` property to adjust the images' dimensions and avoid serving bigger images than what is actually needed
```
